readme.md, before:

## Freenove Quadruped Robot Kit

> A robot kit based on Arduino and Processing.

### Download

Click the green "Clone or download" button, then click "Download ZIP" button in the pop-up window.
Do NOT click the "Open in Desktop" button, it will lead you to install Github software.

> If you meet any difficulties, please contact our support team for help.

### Support

Freenove provides free and quick customer support. Including but not limited to:

* Quality problems of products
* Using Problems of products
* Questions of learning and creation
* Opinions and suggestions
* Ideas and thoughts

Please send an email to:

[support@freenove.com](mailto:support@freenove.com)

We will reply to you within one working day.

### Purchase

Please visit the following page to purchase our products:

http://store.freenove.com

Business customers please contact us through the following email address:

[sale@freenove.com](mailto:sale@freenove.com)

### Copyright

All the files in this repository are released under [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/).

![markdown](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/3.0/88x31.png)

This means you can use them on your own derived works, in part or completely. But NOT for the purpose of commercial use.
You can find a copy of the license in this repository.

Freenove brand and logo are copyright of Freenove Creative Technology Co., Ltd. Can't be used without formal permission.


### About

Freenove is an open-source electronics platform.

Freenove is committed to helping customer quickly realize the creative idea and product prototypes, making it easy to get started for enthusiasts of programing and electronics and launching innovative open source products.

Our services include:

* Robot kits
* Learning kits for Arduino, Raspberry Pi and micro:bit
* Electronic components and modules, tools
* Product customization service

Our code and circuit are open source. You can obtain the details and the latest information through visiting the following web site:

http://www.freenove.com

Commit message:

Comprehensive update
Optimized code and added functions. Based on customer feedback, tutorial
and file directory are optimized for smoother assembly.

readme.md, after:

## Freenove Quadruped Robot Kit

> A robot kit based on Arduino and Processing.

### Download

Click the green "Clone or download" button, then click "Download ZIP" button in the pop-up window.
Do NOT click the "Open in Desktop" button, it will lead you to install Github software.

> If you meet any difficulties, please contact our support team for help.

### Support

Freenove provides free and quick customer support. Including but not limited to:

* Quality problems of products
* Using Problems of products
* Questions of learning and creation
* Opinions and suggestions
* Ideas and thoughts

Please send an email to:

[support@freenove.com](mailto:support@freenove.com)

We will reply to you within one working day.

### Purchase

Please visit the following page to purchase our products:

http://store.freenove.com

Business customers please contact us through the following email address:

[sale@freenove.com](mailto:sale@freenove.com)

### Copyright

All the files in this repository are released under [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/).
You can find a copy of the license in this repository.

![markdown](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/3.0/88x31.png)

This means you can use them on your own derived works, in part or completely. But NOT for the purpose of commercial use.

Freenove brand and logo are copyright of Freenove Creative Technology Co., Ltd. Can't be used without formal permission.

### About

Freenove provides open source electronic products and services.

Freenove is committed to helping customers learn programming and electronic knowledge, quickly realize their creative ideas and product prototypes and launching innovative products. Our services include:

* Kits of robots, smart cars and drones
* Kits for learning Arduino, Raspberry Pi and micro:bit
* Electronic components and modules, tools
* Product customization service

You can learn more about us or get our latest information through our website:

http://www.freenove.com
